Improve redux tips in React (#1522)
enkidevs/curriculum: javascript/react/redux-tips/avoid-object-mutations.md

A **pure** function that returns a new object with the needed modifications can easily be implemented in **Redux**. However, if other properties are added later on to the object, you might need to update several pieces of your code.

> To avoid this, the `Object.assign()` method (introduced in **ES6**) can be used because it returns a new object with all enumerable properties of the *source* object:

Reviewer: Remove `introduced in ES6`, not particularly useful

```jsx
const target = { a: 1, b: 2 };
const source = { b: 3, c: 4 };

const returnedTarget = Object.assign(
  target,
  source
);

console.log(target);
// { a: 1, b: 3, c: 4 }

console.log(returnedTarget);
// { a: 1, b: 3, c: 4 }
```

> This method is used to create a new object by copying the properties from the source object to the target object. This is useful for Redux as the method returns a new object, which keeps in line with creating **pure** functions. When used inside `reducers`, the target object is the one whose properties are going to be assigned. Because we want to keep our function **pure** we will pass an empty object `{ }`. The source object contains the properties that are going to be copied, and we can even add new properties:

Reviewer: Can we use the word "reducer" instead of "function" in this paragraph?

```suggestion
This method is used to create a new object by copying the properties from the source object to the target object. This is useful for Redux as the method returns a new object, which keeps in line with creating **pure** reducers. Within a reducer, the target object is the one on which we assign properties. Because we want to keep our reducer **pure** (avoid mutation) we will pass an empty object `{ }` as the starting target. The source object contains the properties that are going to be copied to the target, and we can even add new properties:
```

```javascript
return Object.assign({}, myObj, {
  myProperty: newValue
});
```

> Note that if there are two objects that have different values for the same property, the last one wins.

Reviewer: Maybe elaborate here that the "rightmost" object wins, since "last" isn't as clear

Author: New phrase:

Note that if there are two objects that have different values for the same property, the rightmost object wins. Looking at our example, this means that if `myObj` has the `myProperty: oldValue` property it will be replaced by `myProperty: newValue`.
